# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

Learning C# and MySql!! I am SO excited. I love it so much. So, we got AllSpice on Thursday afternoon, and by like 5:20pm I had all of my backend working and all tests passing. That made me so happy! 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

How much I love C#! It's intellisense is aggressive as heck. lol I don't like that, and I'm a n00b just 1 week too; but, I love it. I'm so happy and so stoked right now.

A huge shock for me is how hard Enum/enum's are in C#/MySql! I thought they'd be as easier as before, but they're so complex Mick didn't show us Week #!. Dang.

- What are you struggling with?

I'm so scared for interviews lol I'm a nerd, I had a 4.0 in every subject; but speech is scary for me. 

Debugging alone is hard. It's so much easier for a new person to see a missing "/" or ";" but I image that's normal for everyone in coding.

- What would you count as a victory?

I made my goal!!! When we got AllSpice; I set the goal to myself that I would finish my backend by Friday. Either at school; or at home. I did it! Before I left school at 6 I passed all of the PostMan tests. It made me so happy. I for sure count that as a victory. It's probably my greatest victory in coding yet, yay.