# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
Having time off let me rest my eyes from coding. I came back after taking most of Thanksgiving off (I did code for like 3 hours) with fresh eyes. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

How hard it can be to "draw" to a page. 
Also interesting! My internet search algorithm hasn't realized / altered to me being a coder.
-> When I searched "draw to the page javascript" ONLY making draw pads on a web app showed up, nothing about drawing from an API. This happened lots of times. It was surprising to me when I realized the reason I have such a hard time looking stuff up isn't me; it's google's algorithm. I really hope that changes; I wonder if there is a way to; or if I'm going to just have to wait a year or more for it to get more fine tuned. It happens a lot. Even like drawing a clock; it was hard for me to be specific enough for anything other than "draw an analog clock" like... literally drawing circles and ect. Even other words than draw didn't work, it still provided me with artsy links.

- What are you struggling with?
Drawing to the page unfortunately. For some reason, that was my biggest challenge with the checkpoint #4. I would get my code posting to the API / sandbox, and showing the array in the console, but it would take me hours or days to get it to simply draw to the page. Not every time (the image was easier), but way too much. 
The weather was actually pretty tricky for me. 
Gosh and my todos... it was 99% there for half the week and I just couldn't get it to draw. It made me so sad; I had to start all over (twice at 99% there) and try some new way.

- What would you count as a victory?
I think I got my code in checkpoint #4 all passing! I had to read / watch soooooo so so many youtube videos, blogs, CodeWorks videos.. oh man it was a mess. I would copy and save my code in a note app, and wipe it clean and try again and fail again. haha I even started a second project. Eventually I somehow Frankensteined it together. 

I'm happy I studied a lot, even if I don't feel like it was enough, I coded or studied every single day this break. Often for many hours.