# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week? 
Learning CRUD. I had a much easier time grasping this than some of the other things we've learned so far.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise? 
Creating arrays in a back end server/database. (hadn't done it yet) + that I learned it pretty quick.

- What are you struggling with? 
Virtuals still kind of escape me. 
Some of the current terminology. 
I don't fully get MongoDB and auth0 yet. 
Being taken seriously; in the group project I had a difficult time feeling like I was heard, taken seriously, ect. Got my first dose of mansplaining in the coding world this week. At a couple points I sadly just kind of, stopped trying. I tried giving input and was just like, ok fine you guys do it. I'll just step back and watch or twiddle my thumbs. Or I had ideas just die inside me because I was not given a chance to speak while others dominated the conversation. Fun stuff. Also realized, not everyone debugs the same. Sometimes I could ask to go to parts of the code I wanted to check, or they listened to me say what the error code was saying; but other times I'd be like let me check this out - and was met with an immediate "No. That has nothing to do with it." I dealt with a similar error that week and had to reallllly hammer in that I had done this 2 days ago + googled and took notes on what it was before I was listened to. Reminded me of fixing a speaker that went out at a music festival; and I was like "it's the 1/4th cable" and the guys were like "no" and spent 30 minutes trying everything else, until they had to test what I thought it was and whelp, I was right. *sigh*

- What would you count as a victory?
Feeling good about Da-Planets was rad. Felt good to get it done by 5.


https://github.com/KendallPowell/Flower-babies