# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week? I really enjoy what I am learning! I know it's going to be challenging and take time, but the fact that I enjoy what I am learning is so important. 
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise? I was really impressed by myself learning to do utilize flexboxes for one. I went through the flex frog game a lot faster than anticipated. I also didn't like bootstrap as much as I thought I would, it makes flow faster, but I was suprised to find that I enjoy writing classes in CSS a lot. I thought I hated CSS from the pre-course work, but I actually find it really clean to write your own specific class and tag it in HTML. I just feel like it gives you more control over styling, and makes it really easy to affect a lot of things at once, or to be very specific and clear on one thing. I know in time I will learn bootstrap and it's short handed language.
- What are you struggling with? Definitely how to work with columns and rows. I'm having a hard time getting things in rows to stick to the horizontal line of each other, rather than all cascading in a vertical line. Icons were another big difficulty for me. It seems like it's something that would work pretty simple, but I couldn't get any of them to work this week. Hopefully soon!
- What would you count as a victory? The fact that I'm here! That's victory enough for me. haha Also by Thursday I kind of found a much better way for me to take notes. (I'm a real big note taker, have a bachelor's degree in writing lol) None of the websites I made this week looked "good," but I count it as a victory that I started making them at all.