# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week? Working on AllSpice, I worked long hours every day but I also got the site pretty looking and a lot of functions working. It's even snappy! I made a whole 20 or something color palette too.
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?  I cannot believe how hard it is to make an onclick "favorite" recipe heart icon work both backend and visually front-end. It seems like such a primitive function as an outside user, but coding it is ridiculous. Definitely did not time-box that one.
- What are you struggling with? I'm struggling because I got intensely sick on Friday when we got the final. I thought I would have so much time to work and would be able to get so much done, more comfortably. I worked really hard on AllSpice in preparation. But I've been puking and crying and not sleeping for three days now. With a migraine too. It's so sad. 
- What would you count as a victory? I got modals slots to work this week on AllSpice! That made me so happy. I can use them all the time now, they totally make sense to me. I'm hoping soon I can just write them from my head too, without referencing / coping outside code.