# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

Reading about UX was fun, I love it so much. I passed the checkpoints this week! Gosh, it's such an accomplishment. I want to stay in the program and learn more so bad. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

That I am totally trash at coding. Vue is still so foreign to me. I was SHOCKED at how long a couple "simple" problems took me to figure out. Like the  dang "buy/sell" "active/canceled" buttons took me like freaking day to get the logic right for. I thought it'd take the morning. I'm always surprised how much longer coding something takes than I think it will.
- What are you struggling with?

Uh, maybe a bit of imposter syndrome. lol I am HUMBLED this week. I feel like such a trash coder. Idk. I definitely have the fire and desire to get better so I hope I do. But man, I have no life/work balance at the moment. 
I'm  struggling with timeboxing. 
V-if v-else logic (It seems so easy, but took me so long - a lot of that was like 2 words being wrong in the function though lol)

- What would you count as a victory?

I passed the checkpoint. :') I coded so hard this week that my eyes are in severe pain, and I broke down crying on the way home from school. lol I'm so glad that my hard work paid off. 

I also feel like I learned a lot!

I feel like I can read some of the functions and lines in JS now! That's huge. I was kind of just following along for weeks, and this week I actually felt like I understood some of the language. 

Definitely not all; I mean come on, I'm like 8-9 weeks into coding. lol