# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week? I built my first very own clicker game! Staying late was awesome, making caffinated tea inside of dying or spending $10 at Starbucks was awesome. I really liked the Thursday night 5-6pm class we did. (Fireside?) That was INCREDIBLY useful. I probably couldn't have even completed this week's challenge on my own if I hadn't gone. Asking questions when I'm stuck. I usually wait too long; when I do ask, then I can move on to other things. 
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise? I learned how to call multiple functions to be "updated" at once via an update() function. I didn't know I could do something like that, it's so incredible amazing. Super clean. I also learned that JavaScript is not intuitive at all. I found it shocking how hard it is to understand and write with. It took me easily 16+ hours to build a simple clicker game... that is like, wow. 
- What are you struggling with? I'm struggling with arrays. I can write them easily, but calling them and finding individual stats inside them is challenging. Complicated formulas don't make sense to me yet. I ended up writing everything in my clicker game as an individual object because it was the only way I could get everything to work on my own. That's ok for now, but I need to learn that. Signing up for tutoring Week 3. I also am struggling with getting things on the page where I want them. I usually (for now) just have to kind of accept what happens and work with it. I got some things in Plant Farmer to go where I wanted them, but I tried adding more features and they messed up everything else, so I had to just leave the game very basic, meeting all the required criteria - when I tried to add some spice to the game. Maybe I can go back and do that when I understand the bootstrap grid better. 
- What would you count as a victory? I build a cute little clicker game! It derps out when you add the "inspect" bar to the game (lol... oh no). But otherwise, I think it's super cute. HUGE victory for me... is getting this thing to work all on my own. I was so lost, and I just spend a dumb amount of hours writing code I didn't understand and deleting, and trying again and again (x20) until finally something stuck. (and often broke something else lol) I'm so proud of myself though! It was kind of like teaching myself code. 
I'm also proud of my logic. For several of the functions I couldn't get to work, I started a comment line, and talked the logic through outloud and wrote it down on the line. That ended up helping me write successful code all on my own. It's crazy how you really can't copy any code. What I wrote didn't look like the example code I had. I had to come up with it on my own.