# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
We met almost all of our MVP goals. Talking about what our goals were at the beginning of the day and making sprits were helpful. I want to keep the idea of sprints and time boxing with me going forward. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
It was so hard and time consuming for us to get our Unsplash API set as the background, to save the user's preference to the account model and ID, and to keep the backgrounds persisting. None of us expected that to end up being the most taxing and time consuming single component of our project but it was. But dang it looks good now.

- What are you struggling with?

The little details maybe. I usually get things written correctly with a character or line off. I definitely felt better about my javascript this last week than I ever have. Writing functions that 100% work is still my challenge though. So thankful for learning.

- What would you count as a victory?

That my group got most of our MVP done. We are sooo close, just one of our pages needed a little more rendering. Everything we wanted is technically there somewhere on the DOM; just one of our pages needed some more work.